Changelog: Org Picker (#90)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 2021-07-20 –– Organization Reorganization

Reviewer: FYI, while the GitHub markdown renderer appears to turn `--` into a nice em dash, whatever processes it for the website doesn't:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16724/126562958-682a2742-ef04-45f5-8fd6-b11ac95d891d.png)

| What's new | |
| :-- | -- |

> |  It's now simpler than ever to navigate your organization (or multiple orgs) in Studio thanks to the new org picker. | ![image (6)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14367451/126534875-3088fd01-e2fe-4e42-be27-153874429677.png) |

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for a little more text info, and a screenshot with multiple orgs.

```suggestion
|  It's now simpler than ever to navigate your organization (or multiple orgs) in Studio thanks to the new org picker. From the menu, you can switch organization context (if you are signed in to multiple orgs), create a new organization, or return to your organization index by selecting the organization item. | ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1319791/126541995-36f0233f-290e-4edb-b590-28f487223bd5.png) |
```
